nagas are the heroes of all of fantasy and mythology


* When wearing the zombier wyvern, there is a 15% chance that if you defeat a Zombier, you can receive all three legendary drops for free, plus the one legendary drop that hasn't been distributed.

2) When you fight a Zombier, a 20% chance occurs when you roll a 6 in the following order:

-Zombier is defeated - Zombier receives the following legendary drop: The one of the following legendary drops: All other stats increased by 2

Fire giants - They are not powerful fighters so you may not see them for a long time but they can be a serious threat. They are much slower and they will also throw their hammers.
Salamanders - You can see them when they get near, just use your arrows. They have some good damage but you may have to do some digging to trigger their ambush.
2-Drakes - You can get them after the swamp (not by killing them all) when you find the stone bridge on the river.
3-Drakes - They look like fish and act like turtles, the damage they can do is pretty good.
Water dragons - They are very bad at attacking other dragons, but they are more dangerous than the fire giants and salamanders.
I don't like you yet: If you are wondering what is good about them, take a look at the table on the right. 


You can find the snake here in an old house on the left which you can reach from the main street. You can see the snake in the distance in this photo :

We haven't listed the whole area where you should visit this monster. Some things to remember:
Do not take pictures of your surroundings. The animals are not worth anything. You will be killed by them.
It will eat your face and your clothes. But don't worry, they will hide it nwhen you are done trying to nreach them.
It may be that they are very shy and will hide in the bushes as your dog approaches.
Do not approach or run into the snake, you can be killed.
If you have a small animal with you, keep it in your pocket or under the seat where it will hide on the next trip away, it will not be a problem if you are afraid or don't have any other choice.
This spider is definitely not poisonous you should get rid of it at once. We would advise you to contact the nearest doctor who can explain how to eat snake bites.

There's no magic in this. You enter the Abyss. There's an open door here. You have escaped! 


Dungeon Master : This is your normal "boss' class, however, a spellcaster will probably do the best here too. You will probably need to start with high level spells and then learn the lesser level spells of the class for the first time. The spells are pretty simple, but they are also hard to master
You will probably want to start in a random room or dungeon for this class, depending on how many party members you have:
It will seem like some of the harder rooms or dungeons are too easy, but the reality is you need to play this class as if it were a 1-line "boss fight" - if you don't you may just wind up stuck fighting for a while in nothing more than a room filled with small enemies and loot.
In general, these 3 classes are fairly easy.
Mages in a dungeon : There are a whole series of dungeon and monster classes in this class that you really don't want to mess with - but there's no reason at every level that we can't find something that fits the class, and we'll definitely spend time figuring out how to do it.

1. Monster information on this sheet: The ogre is a 4.5' high, 4'4" tall ogreslayer. It weighs about 4,500 lbs. He also uses its mouth to bite players, causing them to bleed profusely. He has 4 wings which fold down to his shoulder bones, and the only places it gets its normal movement are in the chest, but it moves around easily enough and can swing its giant sword.
2. What creatures makes it move? 1) Goblin


1. Monster information on this sheet: It's a 2'9" ogreslayer with two feet on each side, 1,500 lbs. Its body is leathery and covered with sharp teeth a mauled with sharp claws. Its arms are like claws. These are covered with horns on the sides. 2. What creatures makes it move? 2) Ogre

1. Monster information on this sheet: It has a giant tentacle thing attached on its side to hold on to its own tentacle at all times.

The only reason for this is that there's nothing to kill to save your life. It's probably not that hard to summon up a demon.

The player character will go into a trance state during the game.
THE BASICS
The game takes place on a strange, dangerous world known as the Lair of the Necromancers
It was revealed late last week that Wizards of the Coast is finally planning to bring back Magic: the Gathering as a video game console.
MUDs tend to be quite dark games, in order to keep things interesting, and The Lair of the Necromancers contains many of the same elements as old fashioned video games such as the game Sorcerer's Apprentice which is set in a fantasy world.


A Few Tips on Killing The Undead
1) Don't go into town.
2) If you're playing on a lower difficulty or you want to play on the hardest difficulty, do NOT play your game after midnight - you might lose it forever.
3) If you're playing on a higher difficulty than usual I suggest waiting for around half an hour if playing on the easier difficulty. Once the undead army has been destroyed you can't return to town.
4) If there's something in here that you think might have a use for the character, please let me know. I'm happy to use it.
5) Always keep your camera in focus.
6) Remember to wear a bandana in public and put on a pair of gloves


PRIESTS OR SHAMANS
A priest or shaman can be a bit annoying for a DM and you don't want a character that has a lot of healing spells or who takes healing powers from your allies or from your foes. If you want to go this route make sure they get an extra heal spell (which doesn't require a saving throw, but may leave your foes shaken or bleeding). But be careful to put in plenty of healing saves, as the monk has a hard time making up the time due to his fast healing rate and the fact that he deals 1d4 damage on a hit (1d3 plus 1/2 the DC) and also takes 1 point of damage if you miss an attack on the same turn that it is made. You can do what any DM or player will do but make sure they get as much healing as possible while saving for a failed roll so that they can get the most time from it.


GOLDEN DRAGON
This one is a little bit difficult because many characters are missing one thing that should be there.  The golden dragon should have an omen of something good (maybe magic or a dragon?) so the guy named Gord's body gets the "holy fire spell" which should be more than enough for the boss.
It took me three weeks to make it so that everything was fully functioning properly and I am extremely satisfied at the results.  I know for my group it will take about two days to get through all those.  I was also looking for a good way to show off this project to others so please leave me a comment and link me if you have one!  Thanks for reading!!


HOW IS IT POSSIBLE?

How is it possible to create a monster list in a way that avoids bugs introduced by automatic checks or with a static system of class, race and monster types? Is it possible?

By not relying on a static system of class, race and monster types.


MY FAVORITE THINGS
This is one of my favourite things I ever wrote about. I had never heard of it and thought, "this must be some obscure joke book." The illustrations were great! It was such a funny thing. I was a huge fan of those old school science fiction books and knew I want them back. It was an instant classic! And the book is also absolutely packed with wonderful illustrations!
My husband and I love reading these books from time to time and we recently finished reading a sequel. They are definitely our favourite.
And just a final word of warning... I don't think anyone would miss reading this book for a minute.  It's really hard not to stop reading it while you're in the middle of your holiday and you're feeling good about how you're doing your holiday. You just know you will love it.


RATING
10/10 would buy these if i didn't feel bad


DROPS
Note that, due to the amount of monster attacks that you must keep track of, it wouldn't be reasonable to go through the following table to determine which monster would drop what. You can see that most of the spells that would take place upon completion are spellcasting related, and as such, the amount of material that must be recovered for the spells to function depends on the type and amount of damage the character does. To prevent yourself from getting overwhelmed by this, I recommend that you save a copy of your monster list somewhere on your PC so that you can easily compare the spells that you have leveled with the skills and abilities they might carry. If you go through the same routine each run of the table, the monster drops on all runs.

How to Calculate XP Level on Run 1

In order to estimate the level your characters could possibly have, you must take the total number of spells level when you start level 1. The table that follows below can be used to estimate how many items a character could have at that level.

You can also make your own maps for them but they are not very unique. Some characters have pretty much identical names (and in different sizes depending on the game)


SEA CREATURES
Fishermen and adventurers who hunt for sea creatures say it usually gives up after eating an eight hundred pound meal. It is also worth noting that it can eat the head of a giant crab.

THINGS TO REMEMBER:
We haven't listed the whole area where you should visit this monster. Some things to remember:
Do not take pictures of your surroundings. The animals are not worth anything. You will be killed by them.
It will eat your face and your clothes. But don't worry, they will hide it when you are done trying to reach them.
It may be that they are very shy and will hide in the bushes as your dog approaches.
Do not approach or run into the snake, you can be killed.
If you have a small animal with you, keep it in your pocket or under the seat where it will hide on the next trip away, it will not be a problem if you are afraid or don't have any other choice.
This spider is definitely not poisonous you should get rid of it at once. We would advise you to contact the nearest doctor who can explain how to eat snake bites.

EYES
All these cute little monsters have eyes. The reason they all wear goggles is because of how quickly the eye lenses fuse, and each has a different eye shape so they can adjust to different temperature conditions (e.g. inside the body they usually have a small round pupil instead of a large round one).

DOLPHIN HUNT
– If you've ever watched an amazing dolphin hunt, you'll know the importance of spotting it with the naked eye! All sea lion species have small black and white markings, and can be found from the Eastern Pacific to the Gulf States to the Pacific. Their diet consists mostly of sea urchin and fish. You may not see one often… you should!


THE CHIEFTAIN'S DAUGHTERS
As the story goes, the chieftain's daughters were among those attacked by a group of bandits, and were eventually rescued by the adventurers. The chieftain's daughter and her companions were then offered the right to live in a city made up of enchanted stone houses under the rule of a drow queen-essence. The drows allowed her to stay in her new home, and it's currently ruled by the drows, however it's not known what the future holds for the city. What is known for sure is that she was granted a magic staff with which to guard her home and all the other homes of the city, with the following words inscribed on it:
The Chieftain's Daughter and the Queen of the Drow Queen are sisters whom you might call friends. You may call them in your own personal fashion - they are, after all, sisters after all - and sometimes by name - but not often enough for you to find your own. They will protect you during an attack, help you to defeat and slay an enemy, protect you from harm, and defend you against any attempt to harm you. 


