bryant

bobby's wife

old man

kansas janes

the devil's manny

kinky paul

jean and jean's baby

mike the clown

the old red head, or old rosy

the king

the jake and jesse with a big stick

the big boss

the big bad boss

Holly

Maria

The prince of goblins, named Arwen (in all the right places).

The princess of the forest, named Gwendolyn

The girl from dragonstone, named Elrond, who was kidnapped by the giants.

The daughter of the queen of the wood, named Elbereth, who died before she could get her father's blessing (in the middle of his quest!).

Gwendoline's parents were two humans named Gandalf and Legolas, who married each other right after her birth (by which time, apparently one could see the signs of marriage).

The girl from the moon, named Elvaire, a mortal daughter of the dragon lord Morwen (who was also known as The Black Mother).

Morwen's father (who was also known as The Lionheart) (who was also the ruler of The Vale of Arnor) was named Joramun.

Sindarin: Gwendolen of Beorn and Morwen of Beorn.

A person named Bob in the Desert.

Joseph the constable - the head constable of town

Aiden the clerk - a clerk at a bar called 'The Corner'

The two black sheep, 'Darth' and 'Drew' - brothers who will fight you and help you with the loot.

Cpt. Jaffrey the bard - the head bard who will play a little organ

John the fisherman (if you've never been to this town before)

James the fisherman (if you've always heard of James before)

Nioko the guard of the well-lit gate

Natsuki, the shopkeeper 

Satsuki, the girl sleeping on the counter

Nioko the soldier of the battlefield. He has no interest in anything outside the fight. His specialty is that of a strong weapon that makes a man stronger than even an archer.

He has fought in situations that would make your parents mad. He has seen wars fought on the battlefield, battles carried out on the fields, and battles in the capital. He has seen things that would throw you right off your feet.

He has a reputation for being arrogant, and not taking himself too seriously. He is a hero.

Fyrg the blacksmith - he has a very nice house located in the old city center.

Tousseau the blacksmith - in the southwest part of town there are several blacksmiths that will help you with anything. Just do them a favor and keep doing them until you get your items. These are the other two shops in town, though the most popular are the house and the bakery.

Nailhammer / Dr. Drogon - Nailhammer has a large number of products he has on hand and can make you find a good deal. This will also help you get a good selection of items that you may want. They have a large variety of items you can find and also get you into trading with your guild. They sell all kinds of armors that are available for sale in town.

Ring of the Stormfather - He is located in the northwest part of town.

Fyrg the blacksmith - His house has many useful items you can need, and a huge number of items available to buy.

Wablu the banker – In a shop at the bank, he will teach you how to make money, and ask a lot of questions about the world. Make use of your abilities as you go along though and you will be rewarded!
Oda Yakuji, head of the Bank – Here you will find more of the Bank's staff. If you wish to take advantage of some extra funds, ask around to see what other people can offer up, and you'll find the best offers in town.
Kousaka Shikura, head of the School – If you want to improve your skills, ask around, and you will get more recommendations.
Masao Nakaoka, head of the Medical Club – To learn how to work as a doctor, be sure to talk to Nakaoka on this topic. He's a great person to teach you healing techniques and has a very friendly attitude.
Jigoro Togami, head of the Library – In the city, there's more libraries to discover this time of year, so you will find several to visit. Ask around if anyone has a library there, and you'll gain a lot of useful information!

Ougi Aoi, head of the Book Store – For a library, try talking!

Evro the hobo with Teremie and Rolfa. Evro has an evil laugh. I don't know what it is but I can't help but laugh out loud when he gets to the point and uses the word 'sport'. Teremie and Rolfa were my all-time favorite character. Also, they are beautiful.

the fishmonger who has some of the best fish he'll likely ever see

Gilly who sells fish from a stand

The Innkeeper who serves the most famous fish on the continent

the guy you will see doing business with the king at the end of the chapter at the tavern

Roald the scamp. I've got no idea when he's been in town, but hey, it's Roald and he's in high demand. He's a great companion.

Gwen and Kells. I had thought the pair were dead, but once I saw Gwen's letter to Eirick, I've taken a liking to her. She was a good friend at first - just a bit of a whiner - but now she's my friend.

And finally, you have Slughorn. He reminds me of a man. So far, this is the most enjoyable part of the quest. After the scene with Eirick, I was already beginning to feel like I had a good story. Well, maybe not as good as a good story. Well then, I am off to get my sword.  A letter that is. Not that I've gone through a lot of letters in my questline, but I'll take whatever I can get from the letter.

Slughorn is a famous farmer outside town. He has 2 houses and can sell everything he has in town for 5% of the normal sell price. However, at all times you must keep him alive, as he will go mad if you don't. His house is very close to where you arrive: The Greenstone Inn. He tells you all about how to make beer, making it easy to learn the recipe in advance. He also gives you the recipe for a variety of potions, giving you an early advantage. He will also sell some gold for you if you find it while he's alive.
The second house in the village is the Trench Inn. This is a small, cozy inn. You will get to enter to the Trench Inn only once, and have 4-5 other people wandering around the inn at random, meaning that this should take some time. Once you have finished with this, turn back to the barber (your party member whose name starts with 'J') and he will give you 2 gold (or 5 Silver if you're the last one in town with gold). Make any other purchases as they will be paid to you. 

David the shopkeeper

Helen the gardener

Harold the painter

Jim the innkeeper

Jonny the carpenter. You can read more about my inspiration for the characters here: Character inspiration page

Benny the tourleader

Mr. Wickerbottom - Mr. Wickerbottom gets a new job as his new boss - He has a really good reputation among his employees. There's a lot more to see about these two than you might expect - including the one who started his own business with a gold coin.

The Giant - This is the Giant's friend and the most notorious villain in the town. The person that has taken more trouble than anyone else to kill the Giant, was actually the man Mr. Wickerbottom's girlfriend dumped him with, back in the day. His story has changed a great deal (if you're playing as a female, you need to go up to Mrs. Dixie).

A Woman Who Can't Read - She is one of the most famous people to have inhabited Astrid's village. But while she looks pretty, she has the talent to read minds. Can you catch her and save the villagers from her mind reading skills?

The Three Sisters... All three women are related to the Giant, and their stories are the same as Mr. Wickerbottom's - they have survived his traps. As you advance through the story you will learn more about each of them and their stories. I would certainly recommend this game to any PC with some gaming experience.

Chani the mercenary (who also sells clothing) sells clothes for a few gold coins. There's also a guy on the road who sells clothes for 5 gold coins. He is one of three in town selling clothes on the road.

Dobbi the cleaner - This guy was always in your group. You know, just like the "other guy." He would come around after the parties. I'd see him around. I'd think about his hair, he always gave me a weird look. I always knew these girls were his buddies. They took him seriously.

It's sad now. That guy should be dead. I hope he dies in jail.

Rizzia, who died in an accident - She was always friendly with me. Once, I gave her a beer, and then I put her out of the barber shop where she worked. She said, "What's wrong with you? I don't know you."

She was so friendly.

The bartender who beat you and got away with it. - It was terrible, you know? A man who never knew what really scared him. He had it coming. He was right there with me. He came to my parties a few times. He would be in my bar when I came out. I'd put him in my bar after it was full... It was embarrassing, and I was glad he wasn't there today and had the time to tell me how he got away with murder.

In hindsight, I should have stopped doing that.

Dibi the innkeeper

Pimbi the housekeeper from chapter 3 (in town) - This town in the past where you will start out as a girl for some reason you will end up with a girl character. You have two options, or stay a boy. To take advantage of an upcoming event, you'll have to make the most of the opportunity and take matters into your own hands. You should do this by going to places of your choosing, or by talking to people, or by using magic. If you're a boy to do either of these, you will gain experience points in your Magic Chart based on the place(s) you were to speak to. This can be difficult at first (especially if you're new and have never taken steps before), but once you're able to take advantage of the opportunities presented, your magic chart will skyrocket. For example, this is how I did it when I first met up with my dad for the first time, but this way will work with almost anything.  

Evro the half elf with green armor - a great combatant that can hit the best of us when we least expect it. You can easily take him out by throwing his enemies into his range and keeping them at arms length; his ability does not have the slow down he would like, so you don't have to worry about getting him back in combat even as your opponent fights him back and forth. He's also got a nice set of magical attacks at his disposal. Also, his special attack is called "The Claw." This move inflicts 2d6 damage and adds lightning damage to attacks made against him. There is a 25% chance he'll use it on an ally if they're within 1/8th of his range. Also, his special attack will inflict additional lightning damage.
Evro is the best friend of any halfling warrior, so if you wish to take on the forces of darkness and dark elf rule, this guy is the guy you'll summon, while also having the added bonus of healing the PCs when they're in danger. He even gives a few lines of dialogue if you tell him you wish to go into combat.

Jareth the bard - Jareth has some very interesting abilities, and makes for a great addition to your party. When engaged, he deals 2d6 damage to any enemy. Talk to Jareth of the House of the Black King in the town of Falkreath. He will give you the quest I'll Be There for You, and he will sell you a piece of armor. This is the first time this has happened, so if you haven't already, you should go talk to him now.

Irildil "Ethan" the butcher: Talk to Ethan of the Blacksmith in Falkreath. He is found in the kitchen upstairs.

Riften city guard - Talk to the city guard. They will offer you various quests depending on your location. The first is the quest [20] Return Home , which has a different version available, and if you have the version above that you have an option.

Froggy the patrolman at the hotel

The guard at the hotel entrance

Mr. Tuff

Tompington

Peter the carpenter

Grigg the archer (optional)

Grigg the pirate (optional)

Grigg the rogue (required)

Grigg the swordsman (optional)

Grigg the paladin (optional)

Helga the horrible girl who likes children

The man who runs the circus

The boy who loves animals

The clown who likes horses who likes clowns

The housekeeper from another realm

The king of a kingdom who will make you his apprentice and teach you how to make his kingdom prosper in the future

A princess who loves her kingdom, and she likes clowns because it makes her happy. And I don't say all she needs to know is how to make clown clothes, because in that world people like clowns too.

Ivan the sailor at River Rock

Elora the fisherman at The Mill

Bork at The Mill

Ivan the merchant at River Rock and Mill

Yrel the dragon hunter (lvl 70)

the thief (lvl 80)

the dragon priest who has a chest near the pond (lvl 55) - After you enter the castle you have to go up north to talk to the lady. She will ask you to help her get a dragon priest to help her in finding a dragon egg. After you tell her you found it (press Y) she'll start talking about it. If you tell her your name she will say to put some gold in the chest and tell her where you found it inside. If you talk to her again she will give you 5 gold to spend.

Karl, the thief

Olwen in the cave.

Lord Elisabet, the master of swords. She was known to hide in the hills and the city. (If you are able to find her in the town of Kathmandu)

The guard from the fortress of Kathmandu. You will know this guard because he wears the face of this man : Karl.

Olwen (Olwen is the maiden's name), was an accomplished sword thief

Lars the musician - if you know the story you are about to play or are playing the game as a player

Thalia the follower to get your quests done

Aisha to sell you something interesting to sell some time

Fletch as one of the two merchants to start your day.

Sheena as an advisor on some stuff.

Marco with the short legs - You'll find Marco in the corner of the small park with the small fountain. A boy by the name of Sebastian, he says you can visit him for coffee if you pay him 250 g, he will sell you more than that if you accept.

The girl in the back with the hat - You'll find her at the far end of the park with her sunglasses. She says you can look for her in any one of the shops around town, but they will turn you away without saying anything. She'll also bring you money.

The boy wearing the short legs - You'll find him somewhere along the street, the two are in the middle, it's a long walk, only if your walking speed is faster than his. If you decide to walk the straight and narrow you find the boy walking beside him, you can take him home with you. If you decide to go around and take a walk instead, you'll run into him a lot more often and he'll talk a lot more.

The little girl with the hat - If you decide to talk to the little maid in the park, she will ask for the price of a piece of bread and a handful of oranges for her. If you accept and receive 500 g of fruits. You'll have all these as well, if that's too expensive.

Neal the fisherman, a.k.a. the mayor

An Old Woman in Town

Fortuneteller

The Red Cap

Riddle Man

An Old Woman In Town

The Great Ghost (with a red vest)

Two Little Bears in Town

Olaf the baker

The man at the table who will sell you something for free

The waitress with the glasses of sugar which will lead you around the restaurant on your quest for glory

The old man who will take care of some chores for the rest of the afternoon

The cook who cooks your dinner

The lady who buys your drink because she hates the food outside

The maid who takes care of your house.

The boss of the restaurant - The boss of the restaurant is your hero. The boss of the restaurant is your rival. The boss of the restaurant's boss is your rival to be defeated.

Peter who makes pickles for you

The lady who buys your fish and bread and you buy food for her

Mr. Dinkins

Miss Stilley

Mr. Kray - He doesn't play games, but you play games with him

Mrs. Green

Ms. Green

Mr. Ripper

Jules and Miss Hinkle

Mrs. Brown

Dr. Ripper

Mr. Ripper, Mrs. Dinkins and Miss Hinkle will all be in town to help you out. If you are worried about the location - you can tell them all in advance and they will be at your aid. You can even tell them when you are leaving. And with a note, they will be at your shelter to listen whenever you need them. I am also willing to give you a place to stay at my resort for the duration of the event without any charge if you stay in my resort until 6 PM. I will be leaving on September 28th at approximately 3 PM. If you are heading to Orlando on September 29th - I know where you are going and would love to get to know everyone first hand :)


Quinn, the master of the table for gathering and chatting, which is located in the northwest corner of the tavern, can be found at the far right of the map.

The Drow are located on the southern, southernmost end of the map, near the exit to the Dungeon of Light, but they do not have to be found in order for the Drow to be encountered.

The White Mantle are located in front of the bar along with K'ril Tsutsaroth in Morgoth's Lair and Azzanadra in the upper left, right, and right-hand corners of the map.

The Silvermoon Clan are located northwest of the entrance to the Dungeon of Light, behind the bar at 1F

The Ebon Hold in the southeast corner of the map are found by following the wall to the south. The Ebon Hold also makes an appearance in the optional questline, The Lost Chapters.

The Mages Guild is located along the northwestern side of the map, on the ground floor of a building at the far northwest corner. Once the questline is complete, you will travel to the Hall of Heroes.

At the far tip of the map, inside the Hall of Heroes, is a place called the Black Garden.

Robert the clown

The Old Man of the Mountain

The King of Hearts

Stephen the dancer. There is a shop in town called John's. The dress is red and you can't see it from the shop, but you can hear the door in there being shut by Stephen the dancer who looks like he's dancing in a disco.

Toot, a rabbit. He's usually at the window at night. In town there are two houses to the north, one is a small family farmhouse. There looks like some house has been built over a grave. If you open a grave that says "I have died", you'll find a pair of shoes with blood that doesn't match his. There's something missing from his shoe.

Hightower. You'll find a small hole in the wall here, a wooden horse that won't move. It's kind of scary. A big house up there, with windows that're blocked with old trees. It's full of skeletons. Just go up to the window there, the house above the hole it is blocking will open (though you have to kill the dogs to access it, which aren't there anymore).

Inigo. He's here by himself at night.

Trevor, an artist in town

Paul Giamatti, an artist in town

John Vignali, the owner of the bar

Ursula, who sells seafood sandwiches and pizza at the restaurant.

Mimi, who sells chocolate pies at the diner.

Micaiah, who sells cake at her bakery.

Alphys, who sells cakes and pastries.

Ciel, who sells sweets and sweets pastries.

Luka, who sells cookies and ice cream.

Raine, who sells cake at Shrines.

The rest of the friends who live nearby.

Vi, an arcane writer,

Elen, a witch doctor

Ebonar, a merchant, a woman who can make a potion and turn into a spider or one of other monstrous creatures.

Yara, a scholar in a dark temple, an elf with dark memories,

Sathia, a druid with the ability to turn into a wolf

Rana, a healer of unknown origin.

Keshka, a vampire that can be found around the ruins of Yarath's Lair, after Keshka has been killed an adventurer will be teleported to a different location.

Solja, a wandering witch who can teleport a long way to reach towns.

Rana, one of the seven female wizards you encounter while in Yarath's Lair

Atra, a black elf mage found in an abandoned cave by a dead adventurer .

Keshka, the only human female mage you encounter in town.

Anima, a female Nord.

Karra, an ancient Nord noblewoman who could cure your injuries, as well as give you a scroll 

Warren who keeps rabbits.

The little lady that plays the piano.

Mr. and Mrs. Brown who help out when Mrs. Brown is ill.

The lady who plays the horn.

The little girl who comes and takes a seat at the table.

Xabu the cleric is waiting for you. He is a great patron to find allies through and through so this is the best time to talk to him. He asks you to help out your party and you'll get the information you need!

You'll find the blacksmith in the north corner of town. If you're willing to help him on a quest, he asks you to help him sell some magic items and he'll offer you 100 gold if you do
You'll also get the experience points needed to find them to help your party! If you did all your quests for the previous towns you'll find one in town. This quest is for everyone else.

You will find the blacksmith inside your house in the south side of town if you're willing to help him. Asking him for advice will allow you to learn a bit about the town

After you've gotten all these rewards ask the blacksmith who he was talking to and you'll unlock this new quest. You will need it to find out about Al Kharid and the Great Dragon As I mentioned before if you did the town quests for town in town you will get a quest after completing it for town.

Yens the woodsman - If you are lucky, his house is in town.

Juleps - You will find him by the church when you get in town. He has a bottle of wine in town while you are in town.

Ayla O'Brien - You have to talk to her at the beginning of the game. Her father is dead so she is raising her kids there and they talk about their dreams.

Dory, the librarian - She will drop her book "A Book of Secrets" when you talk to her.

Dr. O'Connors - When you talk to him at the beginning of the game, you will learn he was sent from the dead by the church, and is not really there in the world anymore. This leads one up to ask for his soul and when he isn't there it's time to talk to Dory. He has a book in his home in town (for you to find) but you can only find him by interacting with him.

Father O'Connor - Dr. O'Connors' son, the last of his family who lives in the woods. He has a book in his house in town (for you to find) but it was broken. 

Zarf the simple and talented - Zarf is a great player but the best way to see him is to visit the inn. His rooms, which are filled with magic, are very nice, even better than where he keeps his family pets. He lives a very comfortable life, but his wife keeps getting jealous, so he tries to help her avoid fights and fights. I am not an expert with the magic, but I got one idea from some other players. For each monster you can ask him: "What do you think will happen?" He will usually try to guess what monsters you can avoid as well. And with good luck he has a good prediction for any encounter.

Zara the cunning and brilliant - Zara is one of the main characters. He is the best player and if you ask him, he will definitely tell you to save the items on one of the side streets. He also shows you the best place in the town to buy magic materials with a magic ring. Once you talk to him he will have you help him with buying various books and also spells from the alchemy bookshelf. He is also very talented in alchemy, having gotten three gold bars just by telling him about it.

Raine the lovely and elegant
